I too was sexually assaulted by Larry
Nasser multiple times at multiple
appointments my last treatment was in
August 2016 a week later he was let go
by MSU I'm possibly the last child he
will ever assault MSU sports medicine
charged me for those appointments my mom
is still getting billed for appointments
where I was sexually assaulted may I
address the defendant you may I have
never wanted to hate some of my life my
hate towards you was uncontrollable
Larry Nassar I hate you I will work on
forgiving you as I know that is what God
wants but at this moment I only
forgiveness up to him
there's one thing you could do to help
with the forgiveness I'm stead of just
sitting there acting weak and feeble you
could start writing down each and every
time msu twist stars and USAG could have
stopped you and instead of getting up at
your sentencing giving some hollow and
sincere apology you could outline all
the times for me for us that msu twist
stars and us AG should have stopped you
you were too brazen
too Cavalier you flaunted it don't try
to apologize or rationalize don't use
cliches like a match in a forest fire if
you want to solve it yourself you need
to begin the Reformation prod process
you need to do redeeming acts you need
to father's first do the right thing for
us be honest try and help us tell us who
do what and one tell us how and when
there are opportunities to stop you tell
us about the telltale signs that others
at MSU twist ours and us AG should have
seen but didn't
now one of your last public acts
actually helps someone of course
we're aware that some knew but there are
likely many many more opportunities
these institution institutions and
individuals had to stop you long before
Rachel and the indie Star article
surfaced you could talk about the time
coach clay gets called you to discuss
the allegations that Larissa Boyce made
about you sexually assaulting her back
in 1997 or the conversations that you
had with stemple see I am familiar with
what Mark Twain said about rumors that a
rumor travels halfway around the world
if you aren't familiar between trust me
you'll have a time to look it up so
don't tell us that you never got that
phone call from Plagueis someone like
Larissa Boise doesn't make an assertion
like she did against a doctor like you
to your friend Cletus of sexual assault
and it just sits there we know you two
spoke about it we know you had a phone
call please Larry help my sisters this
would be a redeeming act please don't
waste your elocution on your grief your
gret or any other emotion don't tell us
how you and God have made amends or how
you are different
you need to confess the facts you can
help others and if you do if you help my
sisters it might help and my forgiveness
and maybe others it might not worry your
sentence but it might just start you
down a road of reformation and
redemption just remember Larry it's
never too late to do the right thing now
to the court I'm more than how he
treated me I am not letting him take any
more time away from me no more time at
appointments no more time being misled
and no more time being manipulated years
of monthly appointments including the
supply room yeah the supply room
is long enough do you think that is long
enough judge I think it's long enough
it's over so here's some advice judge
don't be afraid a 40 year minimum
sentence is not long enough and it
doesn't send the right message see judge
I doubt the Attorney General this court
or his defense attorneys knew what was
coming allowing all of us to speak none
of you could have anticipated the breath
or the depth of the statements but he
knew it is the reason why he wrote the
letter he knew was coming and just like
he should have been he was afraid
and judge I've heard you say that he
will rot in prison that he will not see
the light of day again but this is not
true
when his day of judgment comes before
you you're not sending him to a place to
rot and you're not stopping the light of
day from coming to Nassar no judge
you're going to save his life he will go
to federal prison in fact he will be
treated fairly well in prison
I know and Nassar knows that federal
prison is the best place for him he will
likely make friends he will be able to
manipulate and maybe earn some semblance
of respect among the prison inmates that
are his new counterparts he will be fed
he will be clothed and he'll be provided
actual medical treatment
but don't get too excited Larry you'll
probably never talk to a woman again
except for one holding a gun a Taser and
a billy club which is a good thing I'm
smart enough wise enough and been
advised enough that's simply because he
treated us and despicable in inhumane
ways doesn't mean that that is how we
our system treats the worst of the worst
well your honor just for a moment could
you imagine what kind of life he would
live if he wasn't in prison he would
have to face his accusers in the grocery
store at the gas station and it appeals
at mass anywhere and everywhere my
sisters would be there just like they
are today yesterday and tomorrow and
every tomorrow until the end of his days
and it would include all women and men
anywhere and everywhere it would be the
type of punishment that is outlawed by
our Constitution it would be cruel and
unusual because his life and his health
but that is not who we are just because
he failed to treat us with process and
procedure just because he treated us
like an object doesn't mean that we are
reduced to him
NASA has done something few people can
do in their lifetime
like how Kleenex is actually a corporate
brand that many use an everyday
vocabulary to describe a tissue he has
forever identified his name with child
sexual abuse his legacy as a medical god
has been poisoned by his sickening
desire to molest children long after the
Olympic gymnast dr. faith into a trivia
fact owned only by us or a jeopardy
contestant the word Nassar will
permanently be associated with child
sexual abuse kind of like Jack the
Ripper Son of Sam or Lee Harvey Oswald
you get the picture but this for me it's
not about now sorry well maybe a little
bit his sentence will for me say more
about you I know you're our mother and
we have heard from a number of mothers I
know you're a lawyer and we have heard
from a number of lawyers like you strong
successful lawyers you have served our
country and the noblest of ways in the
military some of us are or have served
in the military you have overcome and
all of us yes all of us have overcome I
suspect that you too could post me too
and all of us could post me too in
regards to actually sentencing
defendants you have handed out life
sentences with no opportunity for parole
for defendants convicted of murder and
like those defendants we know that Nasir
knows we know that Nassar has been the
cause so
my sister's untimely deaths or attempted
suicides you've sentenced other
defendants for longer sentences your
sister judge Neff sentenced him to 60
years for a heinous crime but not as bad
as what you have been exposed to for
over a week I don't think anyone
believes that having a picture on your
computer is even close to taking an
underage patient into a supply room to
be sexually assaulted does anyone really
think that so judge you may be able to
guess what I'm going to say let's say it
I will no one is better suited to
sentence this defendant in this case
right here right now in this moment
maybe just maybe dad works in mysterious
ways that your whole life has been
leading up to this moment but I suspect
that you've had many moments like this
in their own unique way so here's the
deal I know that if you exceed the plea
agreement nASA has the right to withdraw
his plea and then you would have to make
a decision I did go to trial or accept
the sentence make him have to make that
decision that might be the only real
punishment that announced our faces in
this case besides having to sit through
my sister's compelling tearful and
beautiful statement statements that are
all gold medal winners by the way we
know that he doesn't want to face us he
told you soing his letter I'm not afraid
of him my sister's survivors are not
afraid of him please don't be afraid to
do the right thing and send the right
message I said it before and I'll say it
again 40 years is not enough any message
that you send at this point will be
heard around the world world
send one that reflects the gravity and
devastation that he has caused a minimum
sentence of a hundred and twenty five
years he should be grateful for such a
sentence
now to MSU are you listening MSU I can't
hear you are you listening my name is
Emma and Miller and I'm 15 years old and
I'm not afraid of you nor will I ever be
at 15 I shouldn't know the inside of a
courtroom but I'm going to become real
comfortable in one
so should you see MSU sometimes
circumstances determine our fate and
sometimes we determine the circumstance
I like all of those that have spoken or
both speak didn't choose this
circumstance to have the right to
standing in front of this podium today
Nassar made that choice for us your 20
year child-molesting
employee this is a burden at 15 I
shouldn't have to bear
but believe me I miss you bear I will
as NASA our story fades into a federal
prison cell for the rest of his life my
story our story mine and yours is going
to be titled Miller versus MSU I know
you write books Your Honor what do you
think of chapter one don't piss off a
hundred and fifty woman that you've
sexually assaulted for 20 years but let
me let me get back to the point msu it's
time for me to determine a circumstance
and that circumstance is going to be
pointed right at you yeah right at you
MSU I don't have to be ashamed or anti
MSU I can be a Spartan if I choose I can
yell go green go green let me say that
again judge because I don't think the
crowd heard me go green I can route from
miles bridges if I want and so hold you
MSU accountable and I will you are no
more powerful than now sorry you don't
hold any power over me either and never
will and not just MSU but all the
individuals who could have stopped this
every single one of them
we know there are many that could have
stopped this we also know that UMS you
know but denial is not just a river in
Africa I've heard your denials but I
will not rest until I hear more until
every single fact in stone is uncovered
and painful excruciating detail
you're going to want to squeeze your
eyes shut like some of my sisters dead
and grab onto something tight like some
of my sister's done
like your ax being bent over his supply
room
it's a 50-something year-old creep
sliding his on left hand and tara most
intimate sacred private
and the best part my story entitled
Miller versus MSU the most uplifting
inspirational part I know I'm not alone
and I believe this is not over
see Your Honor we we're just getting
started
thank you